Add important information to bug reports (#232)
openforcefield/openff-bespokefit: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/BUG_REPORT.md

- Which operating system and version are you using?
- How did you install BespokeFit?

> - Are you using Apple Silicon? If so, are you running BespokeFit in Rosetta or directly?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Are you using Apple Silicon? If so, are you running BespokeFit in Rosetta (`osx-64`) or natively (`osx-arm64`)?
```

Author: Good call!
